SRH Hochschule Heidelberg

  * Bachelor 
  * Master 

  * DE 

Close navigation

Your goal. Your studies.

  * Bachelor
  * Master

SRH Hochschule Heidelberg

  * Why SRH?

Why SRH?

    * About us
    * Accreditation and rankings
    * The CORE Principle

  * Study at SRH

Study at SRH

    * Study in Germany
    * Applications and admissions
    * Financing your studies
    * Pack your bags for international excitement
    * Your exchange semester
    * Eat, live and learn on campus
    * Start your career or start-up

  * University

University

    * Who we are
    * Schools
    * University team
    * Research
    * Our partners
    * Alumni-Network
    * Services and facilities

  * Infomaterial 
  * Apply 
  * Events 
  * Press Service 
  * Blog 
  * Contact 

What are you searching for?

clear input

go to resultspage

close window

Frequently searched terms

  * international 
  * psychology 
  * courses 
  * scholarship 
  * architecture 

Quicklinks

  * Bachelor\'s Degree - a strong foundation 
  * Master\'s Degree – start your career now 
  * Study in Germany 

![\\"Tower-mit-Plaza\\"](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/b/f/csm_Was-uns-ausmacht-
Header_6c215b07b1.jpg\\")

Back

#  About us

Get to know your university.

SRH University Heidelberg

##  Your dreams are what motivate us

Our goal is for you to successfully complete your degree and live your life
without any worries, allowing you to start on the next chapter of your life –
confidently and independently. Passion for this goal drives our work. Every
single day.

SRH University Heidelberg

![\\"Science-Park-SRH-
Hochschule\\"](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/f/7/csm_Science-Park-SRH-
Hochschule_84fa66e7b1.jpg\\")

SRH University Heidelberg

##  About us

We continually take the time to work with you personally to help you reach
your goals. We employ our proven CORE Principle to structure all study goals
and exam formats, as well as learning and teaching methods, to make studying
enjoyable and help you achieve the best possible outcome in your studies. In
doing so, our university received the Genius Loci Award for Excellence in
Teaching from Stifterverband and the Volkswagen Foundation in 2018.

At our University, you can choose from over 40 innovative degree programmes in
the areas of computer science, media and design, business administration,
engineering and architecture, the social sciences, law, therapy and
psychology. As one of the oldest and largest private universities in Germany,
we are part of a strong network of eight universities in all. Six SRH
universities of applied sciences in Germany – in Berlin, Fürth, Gera,
Heidelberg, North Rhine-Westphalia and Riedlingen – as well as SRH Paraguay
and the EBS Universität für Wirtschaft und Recht in Wiesbaden Oestrich-Winkel.

![\\"Prof.](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/7/6/csm_Prof-Diener-Rektor-
HSHD_0a9db082cb.jpg\\")

> Studying is the beginning of an extraordinary process of learning that our
> students benefit from personally as well as professionally. They begin to
> understand their own abilities better and build on them through methodical
> and professional guidance.

Prof. Dr. Carsten Diener, President of SRH University Heidelberg

6

schools

3.000

students

82

nations on campus

Our CORE Principle

![\\"Frau](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/0/2/csm_Das-CORE-Prinzip-
Header_3722add180.jpg\\")

Our CORE Principle

##  A degree programme that puts you at the centre

Study according to the CORE Principle! Application-oriented learning in small
teams, step-by-step skills development in five-week sprints and individual
support from lecturers.

Pure frontal teaching is not practised at SRH. Instead, our lecturers act as
your personal learning coaches. Together, you’ll not only delve into the
subject matter, but also hone your soft and hard skills. To do so, we rely on
direct communication. Personalised advice, digital exchange and regular
feedback are all very important to us.

About the CORE Principle

Your benefits

##  That\'s what makes us.

![\\"Studentin-mit-roter-
Bluse\\"](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/7/0/csm_Akkreditierung-und-Rankings-
Header_0ddf2bfa9a.jpg\\") Excellent.

Study at an accredited university with over 50 years of experience

![\\"Zwei](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/5/7/csm_International-durchstarten-
Header_ef8222df67.jpg\\") International.

Your studies open the way to an international career.

![\\"Science](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/5/c/csm_Science-Tower-SRH-
Heidelberg_5c67fa30e2.jpg\\") Modern.

As a campus university, we offer you an optimal learning environment.

![\\"Lachende](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/a/0/csm_Lachende-Studentin-mit-
individuellem-Look_725d40f547.jpg\\") Individual.

You determine your path, we accompany you as learning coaches.

![\\"Studierende](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/8/4/csm_Studierende-Water-
Technology-Experiment_8f50285d6c.jpg\\") Practical.

With us you will acquire skills that are in demand in practice.

![\\"Zwei](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/1/c/csm_Wer-wir-sind-
Header_e2366a52f7.jpg\\") Reliable.

Your future is important to us. We keep our performance promise.

![\\"Familie](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/6/4/csm_Familie-am-
Strand_e13b4f28d2.jpg\\")

Our values

A passion for life.

We are a part of SRH, a non-profit foundation working in the areas of
education and health. For us, success is not just higher, faster, farther. We
combine our social responsibilities with commercial exchange.

Our common values

For more than 50 years

##  We guide people on their own individual path

Pointing people towards their future, supporting them in maximising their
employment potential, and individually shaping their education – this is what
we are passionate about. Founded in 1969, SRH University Heidelberg originally
concentrated on rehabilitation in employment. 40 students from engineering, 60
from business administration and 30 from architecture came to us that first
year to study. Today, there are over 3,400 students from 65 countries who are
preparing for their careers with us. They have put their trust in our
innovative study model, for which we received the Genius Loci Award for
Excellence in Teaching from Stifterverband in 2018. Today, just as then, we
are guiding them on their path to the future with passion.

##  They have helped shape the development of our university: our presidents

  * Prof. Dr. Carsten Diener (since May 2020)
  * Prof. Dr. Katja Rade (2017-2020)
  * Prof. Dr. Dr. h.c. Winterberg (2008-2017)
  * Prof. Dr. Wolfram Hahn (1980-2008)
  * Prof. Horst Methner (1972-1980)
  * Prof. Werner Herrmann (1968-1972)
  * Prof. Fritz Schulz-Linkholdt (Gründungsrektor)

Interested?

##  Get started now!

![\\"Studentin](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/f/c/csm_Bachelor-
Header_08a53fa216.jpg\\") Bachelor

Bachelor\'s Degree - a strong foundation

![\\"Student](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/e/2/csm_Master-
Header_a941b3b212.jpg\\") Master

Master\'s Degree - start your career now

![\\"\\"](\\"/fileadmin/_processed_/e/a/csm_Jeyhuna-Sultanova-Passion-for-
Life_9d2c1abe5b.jpg\\")

> My passion for life? Education and health. You will be tomorrow what you eat
> and study today. Every little step you take is a big one for your future.

Jeyhuna Sultanova, Erasmus-Studentin

All about your studies

  * Bachelor 
  * Master 
  * Applications and admissions 
  * Study in Germany 
  * Your exchange semester at our University 
  * Eat, live and learn on campus 

Our university

  * About us 
  * The CORE Principle 
  * Our schools 
  * Our international office 

##  Your contact at SRH University Heidelberg

  * info.hshd@srh.de 
  * +49 6221 6799-000 

##  SRH Universities

  * study@srh.de 
  * +49 6221 6799-000 
  * contact via WhatsApp 

SRH Hochschule Heidelberg

  * © 2024 
  * Cookies 
  * Data Privacy Policy 
  * Legal Notice 
  * Contact 

  * Apply
  * Request infos
  * Contact

Apply now

##  Apply quickly and easily

  1. Register on the application portal
  2. Fill in your application and attach your documents
  3. We contact you for all further steps

Exchange students please apply here: Application for exchange students

Register now

You have questions about the application?

  * studyinheidelberg@srh.de 
  * +49 (0)6221-6799-799 

SRH Hochschule Heidelberg

Close

Order information material

##  Order your information material here

Order free information material about our study programmes and find out more
about:

  * Content of studies
  * Admission requirements
  * Tuition fees
  * Funding opportunities

Order form

We look forward to your call or email.

  * +49 (0)6221-6799-799 

  * To contact form 

SRH Hochschule Heidelberg

Close

Contact

##  We are happy to help you

You are not sure which study programme suits you or you have other questions
regarding your studies? Our study advisors are happy to help you and answer
all your questions about studying, choosing a study programme, career options,
applying and financing your studies. Feel free to contact us!

We look forward to your call or email.

  * studyinheidelberg@srh.de 
  * +49 (0)6221-6799-799 

SRH Hochschule HeidelbergLudwig-Guttmann-Straße 669123 Heidelberg

SRH Hochschule Heidelberg

Close

Get to know our degree programmes!

Discover your degree programme up close! Book your taster session now!

  * sign up here 

close alert

